docs: update README to clarify move (#139)
Mogztter/antora-lunr: README.md

[antora-org]: https://www.gitlab.com/antora
[new-repository]: https://gitlab.com/antora/antora-lunr-extension

> ### :warning: **IMPORTANT** :warning:
> 
> This repository is no longer maintained and has been archived: this project is now an official part of [the Antora project][antora-org], and [the repository has been moved to its new home][new-repository]. 
> 
> You'll also find [support for Antora 3 in the new project][new-repository]. :rocket: This code in this repository is only usable for Antora 2.3.4 or older. 

Reviewer: Could you please update that part with Dan suggestion?

```suggestion
### :information_source: **Information** :information_source:

The next major version of this project will be based on the [pipeline extension feature](https://docs.antora.org/antora/3.0/extend/pipeline/) (introduced in Antora 3) and become an official extension of [the Antora project][antora-org].
As a result, [the repository has been moved to its new home][new-repository].

If you are preparing to migrate to Antora 3, then you should be testing the extension instead of the integration in this repository. Once Antora 3 is released, this repository will go into maintenance mode for users who have not yet transitioned from Antora 2 to Antora 3. After some time, the repository will be archived.
```

Feel free to revise my suggestion 😄
